{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Prelude\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 @TODO\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Target Audience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This book is targeted at novice to intermediate developers wishing to learn how to better structure their ExpressionEngine sites. An understanding of ExpressionEngine is required to get the most out of it, however we\u8217've tried to link to external resources where possible.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Acknowledgements\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This book is inspired by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/addyosmani/backbone-fundamentals"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Developing Backbone.js Applications
}}}
. The Panoc build code was taken directly from the Github Repo.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Credits\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 @TODO\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Reading\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 @TODO\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Installing ExpressionEngine\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This section describes how to modify the default folder structure in order secure your installation and bootstrap configuration for multiple development environments before running the installation wizard.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 To start\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab download the latest version of ExpressionEngine 2\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab unzip\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 3.\tx360\tab in terminal cd into the unzipped folder\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \f1 cd unzipped_folder_path\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Folder structure\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Now we need to modify our folder structure before running the install wizard.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \f1 # Create a folder which will become our document root\line
mkdir public_html\line
\line
# Move admin.php into public_html so it's accessible\line
mv admin.php public_html/\line
\line
# Move index.php into public_html so it's accessible\line
mv index.php public_html/\line
\line
# Move themes into public_html so it's accessible\line
mv themes/ public_html/\line
\line
# Move images into public_html so it's accessible\line
mv images/ public_html/\line
\line
# Move uploads into public_html so it's accessible\line
mv public_html/images/uploads/ public_html/\line
\line
# Create subfolders to seperate member uploads and content admin uploads\line
mkdir public_html/uploads/member\line
mkdir public_html/uploads/content\line
\line
# Move member upload folders into member folder\line
mv public_html/images/member_photos/ public_html/uploads/member/photos/\line
mv public_html/images/avatars/ public_html/uploads/member/\line
mv public_html/images/pm_attachments/ public_html/uploads/member/\line
mv public_html/images/signature_attachments/ public_html/uploads/member/\line
\line
# Move bundled third_party addons into the root\line
# This makes upgrading system files easier in the future\line
mv system/expressionengine/third_party/ ./\line
\line
# Create a placeholder folder for the site theme\line
mkdir public_html/themes/site_themes/default\line
\line
# Create a placeholder folder for the site templates\line
mkdir -p views/templates\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Folder / file permissions\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Set the following files to 666:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\f1 system/expressionengine/config/config.php}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\f1 system/expressionengine/config/database.php}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\f1 views/templates}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Set the following folders to 777:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\f1 system/expressionengine/cache/}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\f1 public_html/images/*}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\f1 public_html/uploads/*}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 config_bootstrap.php\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 NSM Config Bootstrap is a single file that allows you to:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab configure all aspects of your EE install including thrid party addons\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab create multiple environment configurations\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab define global variables\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab define file paths\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Install {\f1 config_bootstrap.php} by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ee-garage.com/nsm-config-bootstrap#toc-installation"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
following the documentation
}}}
.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The default {\f1 config_bootstrap.php} assumes the folder structure modified by the script above.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Database Configuration\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Before we run the installation wizard you\u8217'll need to create a database and add the details to the {\f1 config_bootstrap.php} file.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Given we\u8217've configured the domain name to be {\f1 http://local.ee-book.com} you\u8217'll need to add your DB details {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://gist.github.com/leevigraham/e0a7fb4e00bba0350705#file-config_bootstrap_v2-php-L120"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
to the {\f1 local} environment configuration
}}}
.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 System path configuration\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 We\u8217've moved our folders around which means we need to tell EE where to look for it\u8217's system folders.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab Open {\f1 /public_html/admin.php} & {\f1 /public_html/index.php}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab Change {\f1 $system_path = './system';} to {\f1 $system_path = '../system';} (Extra dot)\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Configuring your webserver\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Create a new apache virtual host with the following details:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Domain Name: {\f1 http://local.ee-book.com}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Local Path: {\f1 path_to_your_folder/public_html}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Installation wizard\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 To install EE visit {\f1 http://local.ee-book.com/admin.php} and follow the instructions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Don\u8217't forget to remove {\f1 /system/installer} after the install runs.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \f1 sudo rm -R system/installer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Next\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Let\u8217's get to know the ExpressionEngine CP (Control Panel).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 The ExpressionEngine Control Panel\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Now that ExpressionEngine has been installed it\u8217's time to login. Here\u8217's the CP url: {\f1 http://local.ee-book.com/admin.php}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Customising the CP\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 The default CP is fine but thanks to the work of many third_party addon developers we can make it even better. Lets start with some simple tweaks that I consider {\i must have}.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Override.css - $AUD 9.95\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 By Leevi Graham (Me): http://ee-garage.com/override-css\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 From the author:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 The default design of the default CP isn\u8217't to everyones tastes. Override.css is a stylesheet that takes the default CP theme and adds consistency, improved contrast and greater user experience for content managers and ExpressionEngine implementors. Choose one of 10 different colourways or easily generate your own.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Disclaimer: I wrote this addon.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Module Nav - Free\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 By Brandon Kelly: http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/module-nav\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 From the author:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 Module Nav is an EE2 accessory that makes two changes to EE2\u8217's top navigation: * Replaces the \u8220"Add-Ons\u8221" menu with a new \u8220"Modules\u8221" menu, populated with links to your modules\u8217' CP backends * Moves the old \u8220"Add-Ons\u8221" menu into the \u8220"Admin\u8221" menu, under \u8220"Add-on Administration\u8221"\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Note: If you get and error after installing checkout my {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/brandonkelly/module_nav/pull/3/files"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
pull request
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Field Editor - $US 9.99\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 By Chris Newton: http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/field-editor\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 This addon is amazeballs and I can\u8217't live without it. It makes managing channel fields really easy and effecient.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 From the author:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 Breathe new life into EE\u8217's channel fields editor! Adding & editing fields won\u8217't be a chore anymore. Field Editor adds powerful features to EE\u8217's standard field editor interface. Rather than laboriously clicking and editing each and every channel field or clicking and clicking and clicking to add new fields to a channel, you can now add, delete, re-order and manipulate your custom fields all in one simple interface.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Developer - Free\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 By Ben Crocker: http://www.putyourlightson.net/developer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 From the author:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 Developer is an accessory that allows EE site developers to quickly access the most essential sections of the control panel during site setup.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Environment - Free\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 By Trevor Davis: http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/environment\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 From the author:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 Display which environment you are on at all times in the CP so you don\u8217't accidentally do something bad on the production environment.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 There\u8217's nothing worse than for a split moment thinking you delete content on your production site. We\u8217've all done it. We\u8217'll probably do it again. This addon will at least give you a heads up.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 Zoo Flexible Admin - $US 22.00\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 By ExpressionEngine Zoo - http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/zoo-flexible-admin\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 From the author:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 Make it easier for you and your clients to use the EE control panel. Zoo Flexible Admin lets you fully customize the control panel menu per membergroup. Insert custom links, rename, re-order and remove menu items in order to create a more intuitive menu.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs28 More Addons\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 There\u8217's plenty more third_party addons for improving your CP experience like:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/draggable"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Draggable
}}}
 - $US 5.00\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/zenbu"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Zenbu
}}}
 - $US 60.00\sa180\par}
}
