chapters/02-control-panel.md, before:

Customising the ExpressionEngine CP (Control Panel)
===================================================

Now that ExpressionEngine has been installed it's time to login. Here's the CP url: <http://local.ee-book.com/admin.php>

The default CP [has it's critics](https://twitter.com/leevigraham/status/324459182768148481) but thanks to the work of many third_party addon developers it can be improved. Lets start with some simple tweaks that *I consider must have*.

[Override.css](http://ee-garage.com/override-css) - $AUD 9.95
-------------------------------------------------------------

By Leevi Graham (Me)

From the author:

> The default design of the default CP isn't to everyones tastes. Override.css is a stylesheet that takes the default CP theme and adds consistency, improved contrast and greater user experience for content managers and ExpressionEngine implementors. Choose one of 10 different colourways or easily generate your own.

[Module Nav](http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/module-nav) - Free
-----------------------------------------------------------

By Brandon Kelly

From the author:

> Module Nav is an EE2 accessory that makes two changes to EE2’s top navigation: * Replaces the “Add-Ons” menu with a new “Modules” menu, populated with links to your modules’ CP backends * Moves the old “Add-Ons” menu into the “Admin” menu, under “Add-on Administration”

Note: If you get and error after installing checkout my [pull request](https://github.com/brandonkelly/module_nav/pull/3/files)

[Field Editor](http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/field-editor) - $US 9.99
-------------------------------------------------------------------

By Chris Newton

This addon is amazeballs and I can't live without it. It makes managing channel fields really easy and effecient.

From the author:

> Breathe new life into EE's channel fields editor! Adding & editing fields won't be a chore anymore. Field Editor adds powerful features to EE's standard field editor interface. Rather than laboriously clicking and editing each and every channel field or clicking and clicking and clicking to add new fields to a channel, you can now add, delete, re-order and manipulate your custom fields all in one simple interface.

[Developer](http://www.putyourlightson.net/developer) - Free
------------------------------------------------------------

By Ben Crocker

From the author:

> Developer is an accessory that allows EE site developers to quickly access the most essential sections of the control panel during site setup.

[Environment](http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/environment) - Free
-------------------------------------------------------------

By Trevor Davis

From the author:

> Display which environment you are on at all times in the CP so you don't accidentally do something bad on the production environment.

There's nothing worse than for a split moment thinking you delete content on your production site. We've all done it. We'll probably do it again. This addon will at least give you a heads up.

[Zoo Flexible Admin](http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/zoo-flexible-admin) - $US 22.00
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

By ExpressionEngine Zoo

From the author: 

> Make it easier for you and your clients to use the EE control panel. Zoo Flexible Admin lets you fully customize the control panel menu per membergroup. Insert custom links, rename, re-order and remove menu items in order to create a more intuitive menu. 

More Addons
-----------

There's plenty more third_party addons for improving your CP experience like:

* [Draggable](http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/draggable) - $US 5.00
* [Zenbu](http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/zenbu) - $US 60.00

Next
----

[Creating our first channel](03-homepage.md)

Commit message:

* Added EE Debug Toolbar to recommended addons

chapters/02-control-panel.md, after:

Customising the ExpressionEngine CP (Control Panel)
===================================================

Now that ExpressionEngine has been installed it's time to login. Here's the CP url: <http://local.ee-book.com/admin.php>

The default CP [has it's critics](https://twitter.com/leevigraham/status/324459182768148481) but thanks to the work of many third_party addon developers it can be improved. Lets start with some simple tweaks that *I consider must have*.

[Override.css](http://ee-garage.com/override-css) - $AUD 9.95
-------------------------------------------------------------

By Leevi Graham (Me)

From the author:

> The default design of the default CP isn't to everyones tastes. Override.css is a stylesheet that takes the default CP theme and adds consistency, improved contrast and greater user experience for content managers and ExpressionEngine implementors. Choose one of 10 different colourways or easily generate your own.

[Module Nav](http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/module-nav) - Free
-----------------------------------------------------------

By Brandon Kelly

From the author:

> Module Nav is an EE2 accessory that makes two changes to EE2’s top navigation: * Replaces the “Add-Ons” menu with a new “Modules” menu, populated with links to your modules’ CP backends * Moves the old “Add-Ons” menu into the “Admin” menu, under “Add-on Administration”

Note: If you get and error after installing checkout my [pull request](https://github.com/brandonkelly/module_nav/pull/3/files)

[Field Editor](http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/field-editor) - $US 9.99
-------------------------------------------------------------------

By Chris Newton

This addon is amazeballs and I can't live without it. It makes managing channel fields really easy and effecient.

From the author:

> Breathe new life into EE's channel fields editor! Adding & editing fields won't be a chore anymore. Field Editor adds powerful features to EE's standard field editor interface. Rather than laboriously clicking and editing each and every channel field or clicking and clicking and clicking to add new fields to a channel, you can now add, delete, re-order and manipulate your custom fields all in one simple interface.

[Developer](http://www.putyourlightson.net/developer) - Free
------------------------------------------------------------

By Ben Crocker

From the author:

> Developer is an accessory that allows EE site developers to quickly access the most essential sections of the control panel during site setup.

[Environment](http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/environment) - Free
-------------------------------------------------------------

By Trevor Davis

From the author:

> Display which environment you are on at all times in the CP so you don't accidentally do something bad on the production environment.

There's nothing worse than for a split moment thinking you delete content on your production site. We've all done it. We'll probably do it again. This addon will at least give you a heads up.

[Zoo Flexible Admin](http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/zoo-flexible-admin) - $US 22.00
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

By ExpressionEngine Zoo

From the author: 

> Make it easier for you and your clients to use the EE control panel. Zoo Flexible Admin lets you fully customize the control panel menu per membergroup. Insert custom links, rename, re-order and remove menu items in order to create a more intuitive menu. 

[EE Debug Toolbar](http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/ee-debug-toolbar)

By Eric Lamb & Chris Imrie

From the author:

> Adds an unobtrusive interface for debugging output on an ExpressionEngine 2.0 site. Replaces default Profiler and Template Debugger provided with ExpressionEngine.

Still a little buggy but it has great potential way better than my older profiler addon [NSM Web Profiler](https://github.com/newism/nsm.web_profiler.ee_addon)

More Addons
-----------

There's plenty more third_party addons for improving your CP experience like:

* [Draggable](http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/draggable) - $US 5.00
* [Zenbu](http://devot-ee.com/add-ons/zenbu) - $US 60.00

Next
----

[Creating our first channel](03-homepage.md)
